He and I are in the same class.
He went up the hill with his friend.
I have lived in Canada for ten years.
My mom will give me a birthday present.
I will try to have a good day.
That dog was following me around all day.
It must have been a very bad storm.
Turn to the next page in the book.
There is a missing word in this sentence.
She is the smartest person in her class.
You can go with him if you want.
She has as much money as I do.
That was my first time to the circus.
There is a lot to look at here.
This is the last part of the exercise.
Salt and pepper are common spices in Canada.
He went to the park with his dog.
They will be here at our house soon.
There are not enough words in this sentence.
Would you come to the mall with me?
I received lots of presents from my family.
He can have as many as he wants.
Can you turn on a light for me?
Can you hand me a piece of paper.
Sometimes they like to go to the park.
I will talk with her on the phone.
Clean the bathroom while I do the dishes.
Are you sure this place is always open?
What happened to the side of your car?
What mark did you get on your test?
I've been waiting my whole life for this!
Do you want to see my rock collection?
Do you see a vowel in this word?
That was the best game I've ever played.
I will figure it out in a minute.
Red is the first colour babies can see.
That item is the top of the line.
I hope we don't go to war again.
We don't want to start a fire.
We have lots of different types of food.
Would you like to take my picture?
A boat sits on the surface of water.
Can you please come in the front door?
We are in the middle of the week.
There's a lot of snow on the ground.
We are going down in the next century.
I would like to fly in a plane.
You need a key to open the door.
Can you please give me a written statement?
He laughed very loud when I tickled him.
She loves kids although she doesn't want any.
Can you bring me a glass of water?
That is too heavy for me to carry.
I have to go buy my groceries tonight.
Can you massage the bottom of my feet?
There are a lot of things to build.
Do you know what sound a cat makes?
Can we go on a trip this summer?
Most people I know, don't like to iron.
I pushed my way to the front row.
Blow out the candles and make a wish.
He likes to be the centre of attention.
Do you want to run in a race?
There is a big hole in the wall.
You have to pay interest after one year.
I bought you a present for your birthday.
I would like to win a million dollars.
Please lay that picture beside the other one.
In five months it will be her birthday.
Do you know how to read the chart?
Would you like a shoulder to lean on?
Don't use that tone of voice with me!
We all have many bones in our bodies.
I dropped the test tube on the floor.
I want a new radio for my birthday.
A lot of people have suggested that name!
Fruit should be part of your daily diet.
Can you send my mail off for me?
Processed cheese and crackers are a good snack.
Can you walk the dogs to the park?
He loves to play in the sand box.
Do you want to trade stickers with me?
I have some very interesting news to share!
I would love to be rich and famous.
I wish I could be a thin person.
We are tied up until after the holidays.
Can you blow a bubble with your gum?
Let's go to the beach for a swim.
We live one block away from each other.
I wouldn't do that if I were you.
The test will determine if you are eligible.
What are the major crops of this country?
Do you like the rhythm of that song?
Vörösmarty Mihály was a great Hungarian poet. Vörösmarty was his surname.
"Have another piece of cake!" - "No, thank you."
I'll see you when I come back.
There is not much news in the paper.
Goods are stolen from the supermarket every day.
Peter thinks that this is quite a cheap restaurant.
All the children in the bus are Hungarian.
Why don't you come shopping with me?
Ancient documents have been found in this cupboard.
It may rain later, you'd better take a coat.
I'm not sure where the boys have gone.
I am glad that the news is good.
This room needs cleaning. It is very dirty.
"You don't smoke, do you?" - "Yes, I do."
Good evening, Mr Jones, how is your family?
People shouldn't be allowed to park here.
First you have to apply for a passport.
A well-known writer visited our school last week.
They go to the cinema whenever they can.
It is our duty to help the poor.
We have been married for eight years now.
How much money do you usually ask for?
My husband asked if I wanted any coffee.
„Two tickets to Oxford, please.” - „Here you are.”
May I congratulate you on winning the prize?
Jack is a hard worker. He works harder than Joe.
His wife asked what he wanted to have.
Poor dog! Its hair was all falling out.
The little girl is afraid of the dog.
I have never heard of such a thing.
Actors in a play are called the cast.
„Will he come in time?” - „I expect so.”
Would you be surprised at his being late?
„Wars should be stopped.” - „I agree with you.”
What were you doing when the doorbell rang?
The light was turned on in the hall.
The doctor cured the man of his illness.
You haven’t been to Italy, have you?
He is nearly as tall as his father.
Have you made many mistakes in your paper?
„Thank you for your help.” - „Not at all.”
In Hungary milk is bought by the litre.
I know what the boy wanted to do.
I wish you had sent it last week.
How do I get to the Public Library?
Give him a little tea. He’s thirsty.
Michael played a very good game at the party.
It takes a letter 7 days to get to England.
Peter isn’t here and John has not come either.
All forms should be filled in in ink.
He did not let me get my book.
The woman who took this photograph liked me.
Things have changed since I was a girl.
„Do you know that John has two wives?” - „Oh, dear!”
You must listen carefully. He speaks rather quietly.
Do you have to make so much noise?
I am expecting a phone call this afternoon.
Peter left for Australia at the beginning of last month.
All the restaurants in the town are expensive.
If you like poultry, you must like chicken.
Has anyone told you how wonderful you are?
„What do you do?” - „I’m a nurse.”
Last year I walked to school every day.
Did she tell you what the men found?
While she was watching television she fell asleep.
„Shall I leave the door open?” - "Yes, please.”
A wardrobe is for keeping your clothes in.
I’ll take you to England with me.
Did you get to the cinema in time?
Last Sunday my uncle came to visit us.
People shouldn’t be allowed to smoke here.
I hope he will succeed in his work.
„Give it to me, please.” - „Here you are.”
It’s years since I took any photographs.
Nothing that I do seems to please her.
Go on eating your lunch, I can wait.
My father never met him, but I did.
Could you find a job for me, too?
He suggested calling a meeting with the workers.
Mr Steele, are you there? - Yes, I’m here.
Which glasses? These glasses here or those glasses?
It’s an ugly cat, with a short tail.
Is he in the kitchen? - No, he isn’t.
You aren’t hungry, are you? - Yes, I am.
Near the library there is a new restaurant.
There are two empty glasses on the table.
Arthur has only 2 pounds and 10 pence.
He hasn’t any ten-pound notes or five-pound notes.
They are Mary from the library and Bruce.
One omlette, please, and some bread and butter.
Now the omlette’s cold and the water’s warm.
I’ve got a bill for 2 pounds 25
First it’s your house, then it’s Mrs Harrison’s?
The television’s on but Arthur isn’t watching it.
She’s sitting next to Bruce in his car.
The sun’s shining and the birds are singing.
Look, Arthur’s carrying your child on his back.
Is she all right? - Yes, she’s OK.
He is at the top of the ladder.
He is putting them on the top shelves.
By the way, Arthur’s very quiet, isn’t he?
He isn’t there drinking a cup of coffee?
He’s sitting at the top of that ladder.
Arthur isn’t downstairs; he is asleep in bed.
He cannot drink his tea; it’s too hot.
There isn’t another bus until half past nine.
He must walk quickly; he mustn’t walk slowly.
It’s a good present. - Is it really?
You must wear a tie in the library.
I can’t do that. - Yes, you must.
I can’t find an empty seat at all.
How many brothers and sisters have you got?
Is there a buffet car on this train?
I must have a cup of tea soon.
They like tea but they haven’t got any.
Thes don’t like young people’s parties very much.
They are having coffee after an excellent meal.
Dr Newton is now putting on his coat.
Mrs Newton isn’t going to go with him.
Now Dr Newton is standing by his car.
He’s going to take his black bag out.
The ambulance is going to be here soon.
Now do go home, all of you, please!
I’m just going to check for any fractures.
He doesn’t live here. Who is he, then?
Dr and Mrs Newton have both gone shopping.
Neither Sheila nor I have got a drink.
Can you lend me a couple of pounds?
She is still in Applefield with her aunt.
She has been there for over an hour.
Mr Steele has not yet come to work.
He must send some emails to the readers.
He hasn’t sent any (letters) for several days.
You haven’t called me yet. You usually do.
He’s going to be away until 15th July.
It was a busy day today, wasn’t it?
I’m only going to be a few minutes.
Perhaps we can have a meal or something.
It’s lovely at this time of the year.
Would you two like to come as well?
There isn’t another one for half an hour.
He went downstairs and switched on the radio.
What was the weather going to be like?
After about three minutes, Sheila and Michael arrived.
It isn’t too uncomfortable for you, is it?
Yes, I came here a fortinght ago actually.
It’s getting a little chilly now, I think.
Yes, I think it’s going to rain soon.
Sheila steered and Mary sat next to Michael.
Did you get your licence by the way?
I had a terrible time with Mrs What’s-her-name.
Well, you didn’t do too badly that time.
Anyway, now try to start the car again.
Put it into first gear and move off.
Arthur looked at it for a long time.
So now you need a car, don’t you?
May I get in and start the engine?
About fifty pounds a month, I should think.
Come on round the back for a moment.
What can you expect for three hundred pounds?
Then I shall get four gallons of petrol.
So I shall arrive home at about eight-thirty.
By the way, shall we have lunch there?
Well, open the doors for goodness’ shake, Arthur.
How much did you pay for this car?
I’m dying for a swim. Aren’t you, Arthur?
That’s the first sensible thing you’ve said today.
The traffic was worse on the way back.
You know all about horses, don’t you, Bob?
I like that nice black one over there.
He’s never won a race in his life.
Look at that one; he’s smaller than me.
Jennifer, you’re the rudest girl I’ve ever met.
I can’t see my horse. - I can.
Middleford’s goal is the one nearest to us.
However, Arthur didn’t lose interest in football completely.
I don’t have to work here ever again.
The library doesn’t close for another twenty minutes.
I drink coffee or tea in the morning.
My teacher has a photo in his suitcase.
Would you like to visit my favourite mountain?
I don’t want to be a shop assistant.
A month is four weeks, but not always.
I’d like to work in an own office.
This egg isn’t yellow – is it a problem?
The rabbit is in front of the cage.
We don't buy our papers at a newsagent's.
I don't know who lives next to us.
Have you ever been to the police station?
Somebody put a packet into my post box.
We live on the right of the street.
He would like a swimming-pool in his garden.
I'll buy that so I need my cheque-book.
Would you like to play chess with me?
Your walls are very dark in your room.
He hasn't arrived yet, his flight is delayed.
What did you do at Christmas last year?
Do you have a birthday party every year?
Teenagers are young people between 13 and 19.
I can't type with this type of keyboard.
There isn't a good program until 9pm tonight.
I don't like wearing long trousers in summer.
What do you do before going to bed?
I don’t like when I have a debt.
I can’t understand his description about his idea.
What was your nicest experience in your work?
Don’t you want to sell this (to me)?
I thought and suddenly I found the solution.